my main job responsibility is to teach eso teaching. It is a That's the
biggest part of my job. Um, a very close second is research. So that's
the other really big part of my job. Is doing research, writing
papers, doing those types of things. Um, and then another part of my
job, which doesn't really technically count for so much, but actually
ends up taking a lot of time, Um, is service and that service to
the department service to the college, which is for me, the College
of Humanities and Service to the university. And sometimes that also
includes service to the community s Oh, this is things like, you know,
doing committee work and participating in events and sitting on
panels and things like that. Mostly, it's committee work s oh, those
were the three big elements of my job is the teaching and then the
research, and then the service